we need one dog team for a road sweep
and surrounding area check baby target I
just don't know why you want to do this
music Bonita you don't really connect
with people very well
just so you know running away isn't
gonna solve anything
[Music]
found something good
whoa I mean watching this dog all year
it's the most aggressive dog I've ever
treated has really needed another break
it's all he hasn't earned it
you're getting a dog you got this thing
faster yeah I got this do you think I'm
afraid of you
lay down Rex lay down vehicle
approaching guns
[Music]
why'd you join to get away from my life
shipping out tomorrow we are so not
ready for this Claire baby check the
vehicle where's my dog
you cannot come back to my house like
some big warm here ask off mom you can't
let your whole life fall apart over some
dog that dog saved my life
please just change his classification so
that I can adopt him when he gets back
they aren't pets they're worries
so just just have a moment of your time
his name is Rex save thousands of lives
in Iraq what do you see your new most
powerful mega movie
oh yeah just like being on a fake by
your marine
[Music]
what would you say to Rex if he were
here I'd thank him for teaching me what
love is
you